<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
  <head>
	<meta charset="utf-8">
	<title>Team 2 Minutes</title>
	<style type="text/css">
		body {
			font-family: "Open Sans", "Arial", sans-serif;
			margin: 40px;
			line-height: 26px;
			font-size: 12px;
		}
		h1{
			font-size: 16px;
			font-weight: 500;
			margin: 10px 0px;
			line-height: 50px;
		}
		h1 span, p span {
			color: #999;
			margin-left: 8px;
		}
		h1 span{
			font-size: 16px;
		}
		h2 {
			font-size: 14px;
			font-weight: 300;
			line-height: 40px;
			margin: 40px 0px 0px 0px;
		}
		p {
			font-size: 12px;
			line-height: 28px;
			margin: 0px;
		}
		ul li span {
			font-weight: 600;
		}
		ol {
			list-style-type: none;
			margin-top: 40px;
		}
		ol > li {
			font-size: 12px;
			line-height: 40px;
			margin-bottom: 20px;
			font-weight: 300;
		}
		ol > li > ol {
			margin-top: 10px;
		}
		ol > li > ol > li {
			font-size: 12px;
			line-height: 32px;
			margin-bottom: 5px;
			font-weight: normal;
		}
		ol > li > ol > li > ol {
			margin-top: 5px;
		}
		ol > li > ol > li > ol > li {
			font-size: 12px;
			line-height: 26px;
			margin-bottom: 5px;
		}
		ol li span {
			margin-left: -40px;
			margin-right: 5px;
			width: 10px;
		}
		h2{
			font-weight: bold;
		}
	</style>
  </head>
  <body>
	<h1>Team Minutes<span>Team 2</span></h1>
	<p>
		April 11, 2016 <span> (Last Updated: February 25th, 2016 by 
		Sean McDonald)</span>
	</p>

	<p>
	Person Responsible for Document: Sean McDonald
	</p>

	<h2>February 4, 2016 1:30-2:30pm</h2>
	<p>Location: CS370 Classroom</p>
	<p>Recorder: Sean McDonald</p>
	<p>Agenda:</p>
	<ul>
		<li>Brainstorm possible questions for the client</li>
		<li>Begin determining how we will approach to project</li>
	</ul>
	<p>Attendance: Everyone present</p>
	<ul>
		<li>Shared contact information</li>
		<li>Determined potential meeting times</li>
		<li>Fout out programming languages people had experience with</li>
		<li>Shared experiences with Git</li>
		<li>Determined best methods of contact</li>
		<li>Reviewed if people had prior knowledge with using databases</li>
		<li>Started looking at questions to ask and some general knowledge that we need 
		to have for development, such as specific techniques</li>
		<li>Started listing things we need to account for in development with a general
		knowledge of the program we will be designing</li>
		<li>Attempted to fing good group meeting times</li>
		<li>Decided to use GroupMe for group chat, Google Drive for preliminary question ideas</li>
	</ul>
	
	<h2>February 8, 2016 4:15-5:10pm</h2>
	<p>Location: Library, third floor</p>
	<p>Recorder: Sean McDonald</p>
	<p>Agenda:</p>
	<ul>
		<li>Come up with client questions</li>
		<li>Understand how to format questions document</li>
	</ul>
	<p>Attendance: Everyone present</p>
	<ul>
		<li>Went over assignment</li>
		<li>Confirmed method for recording meeting minutes</li>
		<li>Tried to determine how to phrase questions</li>
		<li>Went over formatting for documents we will be creating</li>
		<li>Looked at python package for address parsing</li>
		<li>"Who is the user" questions made</li>
		<li>Input and output questions</li>
		<li>Configurations and customization questions</li>
		<li>Looked at a website that has the same function as teh assignment</li>
		<li>Questions on how to confirm an address existence</li>
		<li>Questions on how data is entered</li>
		<li>More general questions like accessible devices, saving information, relation to a database</li>
		<li>Determined who would type the document and how they could share it with the rest of the group</li>
	</ul>
	
	<h2>February 16, 2016 6:00-6:30pm</h2>
	<p>Location: Violette Hall classroom</p>
	<p>Recorder: Sean McDonald</p>
	<p>Agenda:</p>
	<ul>
		<li>Determine what will be placed in the requirements document</li>
	</ul>
	<p>Attendance: Everyone present</p>
	<ul>
		<li>Looked over outline of requirements document that Aaron had created</li>
		<li>Went over what functional and non-functional specifications meant</li>
		<li>Made a list of all requirements we wrote down from the client interview</li>
		<li>Aaron planned to convert it into a proper requirements document and push to Git repository</li>
	</ul>

	<h2>March 22, 2016 5:00-6:00pm</h2>
	<p>Location: Library Group Room</p>
	<p>Recorder: Sean McDonald</p>
	<p>Agenda:</p>
	<ul>
		<li>Determine what will be needed in the design document</li>
		<li>Work on design of project</li>
	</ul>
	<p>Attendance: Everyone present</p>
	<ul>
		<li>Looked over MVC</li>
		<li>Determined what type of architectural design we will use</li>
		<li>Went over what classes we will need for the project</li>
		<li>Attempted to figure out what our classes will look like</li>
		<li>Began creating use cases</li>
		<li>Adjourned meeting, decided to meet up at a later time to continue work</li>
	</ul>

	<h2>April 2, 2016 6:00-7:00</h2>
	<p>Location: Library Group Room</p>
	<p>Recorder: Sean McDonald</p>
	<p>Agenda:</p>
	<ul>
		<li>Revise our project design</li>
		<li>Create new user stories for the design</li>
	</ul>
	<p>Attendance: Everyone. Aaron Gershman arrived 40 minutes later.</p>
	<ul>
		<li>Began brainstorming how to create our user stories</li>
		<li>Tried to fully understand what exactly a user story is</li>
		<li>Began creating user stories</li>
		<li>Considered changes to our design using design aspects of other groups</li>
		<li>Debated if we wanted to make changes to our design</li>
		<li>Went over the details of our design and determined we liked what he had already created</li>
	</ul>

	<h2>April 11, 2016 6:00-7:00</h2>
	<p>Location: Library Group Room</p>
	<p>RecordeR: Sean McDonald</p>
	<p>Agenda:</p>
	<ul>
		<li>Create actionable user stories</li>
		<li>Assign people to those user stories</li>
	</ul>
	<p>Attendance: Sean McDonald, Jessica DiMariano, Jason Lueckenhoff, Xi Chen. Aaron Gershman did not respond in the group chat, status unknown.</p>
	<ul>
		<li>Went over what we needed to do for the assignment due tomorrow</li>
		<li>Looked at our user stories and attempted to fix any issues</li>
		<li>It appears that Aaron Gershman already updated the user stories and appears to have fixed them, as well as assigning himself to a few of them</li>
		<li>Discussed and analyzed user stories that seemed incorrect, as well as ones we knew were necessary but appeared to be missing</li>
		<li>Made a decision to modify the user stories slightly</li>
		<li>Assigned people to user stories</li>
	</ul>


  </body>
</html>